Do not die, okay?
I'll try
We will all die immediately
Do not do not trust me, I am very good in this game
Yes I am also good, sometimes
I, I think I am better than you
I was killed by the shroud that day, so
She killed the shroud 5 times
(Background music)
Boot camp is it
Sorry, we are not gay
Are you discriminating?
Wow! , If any
After we go down
We call you an idiot
Lala, do not say heck
Heck the anomaly
O green, let the uncle crawl
It does not move the stability of the working day
Can you stop steadily ??
I try to upset you
Welcome. O Allah
We need to win the Halmara / Shlon know?
They know that we will win
Oh what I heard you sorry
With the good of the future, you will know
WL
He walks, do not be afraid
But he chose Wayne to come down
I mean, what is your style?
Heck win the game
Is a great mind strategy
Think outside the box
I was tired
Surely the owner of the Boods uncle is kidding / not so much as his voice
I am not joking
No, what your sincerity
Ok.
It is certainly going down
I am a great uncle
I told you, Heck, let us win
I will kill you if I meet you after you die
I will bring you down
Honestly, the resources are there / please go and swim and they will kill you
No no no in my buildings
Each one of the unit / unit chose the unit in your hand
I chose and concluded
I received a first aid kit
Its character is essential
I did not receive you ???
I received first aid
Wayne Ento
Our dragons had first aid
Surfaced. How are we?
I told you I need to go down / I told you
Is the strategy
Why do not you take a shower in the Aishin / Lhasa?
Which is consistent, but you are not killed
I'm not sure what you mean
I'm sure I'd rather know
(Uncle makes a mess)
Did you sing?
SolarChitrlash. No
Shi Hilo was
I'm going out
Are you good at the supermarket?
I think, I'm in the race
Purple Heart
Do not be silly, group. Kuesa
I have a violin if you have / you have a head to me (they came up with tips because they have the same meaning in English)
But the head is right?
Uncle kidding dirty muzzles ????
Quickly understand the Talat / What do you like walking?
I was a thinker and she was a Christian blood / brain and I was a violin
Please let me know about you
Marah told you if you promise me
What returns kidding dirty mops
Why did you go out working informing the team ??
Any IE output
Do not threaten me, I did not tell you
Hazelnut rose with a saucepan
Had a vision of you with what you think of a Christian server lol
Ahaad surfaced
Shaw uncle works
Shaw uncle works ???
Do not kill him
Your voice is heavy bodibay / a lot of heck bacololi
where are you from???
From China / Sweden ??? / China number one
It is Ayash Shaw uncle working
Shlon Maspeto Shlon Shlon ??
O Allah
What came out is lost opportunity
Why Uncle laugh
He came to eat the resources
In Naseeah ??
No pilgrim
Shooo?
I hear you absent
I heard your reputation
No no
I do not say a Christian word
I am working on a Christian server
I came out of the dirty jokes after your ear / walk I'm sorry
Walk your sam
But Lassa Badi told you about
See you later
You are a sinner and unclean
You are a whore
You are a bag of eggs from one Bedouin
Alpha is far from connected
Not far away / not far
If a link is reported to you
Lich / Lanu uncle lying
My mother is busy with the game, I promise to joke
We must travel around the mountain
Surely a male came out and rolled around the center of the mountain
Do not you say, let us bring you closer
E, we arrived
Rana and Rana
I will not let you go
I said I am a professional, please profit
I've got 500 hits lol
A uncle takes the injuries of another world
I do not kill them for my life, you are dead
What is your story?
Become a real teacher
No, I had to tell you about it
Any server is Christian
I was a cousin working in a dinosaur
Hadi Shi controversially let us mention Christians
Please come back with us
Shvan Shalun paralyzed the game before it
Talaat Maarf Shaw Shaw
There were 5000 injuries but died in the last unit
Sweet / I had to lose my touch
I'm sorry, I was busy reporting a scientist
We get down
I do not know
Mali Cowes in Decision Making
The commission of the decision we Mnrouh / (Bravo)
I want to hear it, Wayne Rayeh
Bravo / Geralto pardon
Do not answer him
But the letter belms the heart
So change my mind
And my point of view
Do not let him affect you
Make yourself / your teacher choose Akkivk
(We have left the Abbot Camp)
Any exit we go to the Boot Camp Maptfrk me with a hostel everywhere
Uncle tries to change your mind do not respond to him
Be my uncle, I think we are landing in Paradise
But the world of Mabahbo falls in difficult places
Paradise is the worst place we can go
Do not give your opinion again lol
And you are rich
I'm sorry but you uncle I joke
Normal commentator
Uncle kidding with me?
Hey green, your job is a job
Any work that works green
Green Come to Hell
green